RN for fix in APIRule v2alpha1 hosts validation (#1400)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/2.8.0.md

## Bug fixes

- Remove hard dependency to Gardener DNSEntry and Certificate resources and handle them on-demand if they are present [#1341](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1341)

> - Fix FQDN validation for `APIRule v2alpha1` `hosts` field entries, allowing 1 char labels and 2 chars top level domain [#1376](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1376)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix FQDN validation for the **hosts** field entries in APIRule `v2alpha1`, allowing for one-character long labels and two-character top-level domains [#1376](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1376)
```
